Fix a typing error in database-types (#3968)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: .changeset/tame-knives-change.md

---
"@firebase/database-types": patch
"@firebase/database": patch
"firebase": patch
---

> Updated `ThenableReference` to only implement `then` and `catch` to match the implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the type definition for `ThenableReference` to only implement `then` and `catch`, which matches the implementation.
```
